[Music]
snowfall taking everyone by surprise it
seems the entire area has ground to a
halt roads are blocked on a day when
anything can happen
everything will
[Music]
no but there's one man who can ruin it
all snow plow man
each snowflake marks a snow day be
stopped
2 down Claire I know you're watching
what is this
Frank pan off him I say try something
new me
it's a snow day Claire anything can
happen come on pictures and nickelodeon
movies presents snow and lots of it
folks
I got your standard slush in this the
jelly-filled snow nut kids as
unpredictable as the weather no school
rules tada
you made this for me why it's your
favorite animal a whale but I like
zebras huh no problem oh no I'm still
chase
Chris Elliott
snow day I'm gonna ask my friends here
to give me just a little push
[Music]